Oh inserts ladies and gentlemen I have a
fantastic set of cards that were issued
way back in 1928 just before the Great
Depression starting okay
despite mankind's many astounding
achievement time-travelling remains the
reserve of science fiction writers
dreamers and cope TV dramas like Otaru
interestingly Charles Dickens ease tale
Christmas Carol is considered by some to
be one of the first full depictions of
time-travel both backward okay I don't
think many would have classified it as a
typical sci-fi story anyway the earliest
reference to traveling forwards in time
is 'le mahabharata-- which dates back to
at least the 4th century BC Leo
Washington Irving's famous 80 lensing
story Rip Van Winkle is about a man with
the same name he takes a nap
Melton wakes up 20 years in the future
where he has been forgotten his wife
deceased and his daughter grown-up
although we have little control over
time main coin has come a long way in
devising ingenious mechanisms for
observing and measuring this invisible
finite quantity the cigarette car set
that we have here is one of the few
divisive purely to horology the study of
clocks
it features one of the earliest clocks
of all time
an Egyptian water clock circa 1400 BC
and it also features the second oldest
surviving clock in England which appears
on card number four the Glastonbury
clock my favorite now has got to be this
one here which is card number seven
circa 1581 it's a mechanical masterpiece
whose detailed crew figures come to life
set time the first ever watch dates from
the 16th century made possible by the
invention of the coiled spring as a
motive power the the pocket watch shadow
on card number 12 this one here was a
lighter version which included a
protective cover with pierced holes
ivory chair before the days of glass
okay so one let's just have a quick look
through all the cards lots of really
early antique clocks and like I said not
many card sets were devoted purely to
clocks
earlier very few this is one of them
what are the best ones actually a table
alarm clock there's the Westminster
clock modern clocks supposedly modern
clock from the 1920 hey again
and the backs have got lovely full
descriptions and that reminds me thanks
for taking the time to watch this if
you'd like to see other videos of
interesting and quirky collectibles
please don't forget to check out my
channel and please click on that
subscribe icon because I'll be doing
lots more videos in the future if you'd
like to find out more about this
particular item or other such items
please feel free to pop by my website at
creme of cards comp but just before you
go please leave below and if you'd like
to see more videos by clicking on the
icon open your skin TV